[docs] add atlas pictures (#29858)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/analyzing-bundles.mdx

<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '# Run the local development server in production mode',
    '$ EXPO_UNSTABLE_ATLAS=true npx expo start --no-dev',
  ]}
/>

### Using Atlas with `npx expo export`

You can also use Expo Atlas when generating a production bundle for your app or EAS Update. Atlas generates a **.expo/atlas.jsonl** file during export, which you can share and open without having access to the project.

<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '# Export your app for all platforms',
    '$ EXPO_UNSTABLE_ATLAS=true npx expo export',
    '',
    '# Open the generated Atlas file',
    '$ npx expo-atlas .expo/atlas.jsonl',
  ]}
/>

You can also specify the platforms you want to analyze using the `--platform` option. Atlas will gather the data for the exported platforms only.

### Analyzing transformed modules

<ContentSpotlight alt="Expo Atlas module page." src="/static/images/atlas/atlas-module.avif" />

> Inside Atlas, you can command + click on a graph node to see the transformed module details. This feature helps you understand how a module is transformed by Babel, which modules it imports, and which modules imported it. This can be used to trace the origin of a module across the dependency graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside Atlas, you can press <kbd>⌘ Cmd</kbd> and click on a graph node to see the transformed module details. This feature helps you understand how a module is transformed by Babel, which modules it imports, and which modules imported it. This can be used to trace the origin of a module across the dependency graph.
```

Formatting nit.
